Add content from community doc PR:1063 to 1070 excluding 1067 (#196)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.9.0/modules/en/pages/volumes/backing-images/backing-images.adoc

==== Create a Backing Image Using a StorageClass and PVC

. In a Longhorn StorageClass.
. Setting parameter `backingImageName` means asking {longhorn-product-name} to use this backing image during volume creation.

> . If you want to create the backing image as long as it does not exist during the CSI volume creation, parameters `backingImageDataSourceType` and `backingImageDataSourceParameters` should be set as well. Similar to YAML, it's better not to create a backing image via "upload" in StorageClass. Note that if all of these parameters are set and the backing image already exists, {longhorn-product-name} will validate if the parameters matches the existing one before using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to create the backing image, as long as it does not exist during the CSI volume creation, parameters `backingImageDataSourceType` and `backingImageDataSourceParameters` should be set. Similarly to YAML, it's better not to create a backing image via "upload" in StorageClass. Note that if all of these parameters are set and the backing image already exists, {longhorn-product-name} will validate if the parameters match the existing one before using it.
```

[discrete]
===== Use an Existing Backing Image During Volume Creation

. Click menu:Setting[Backing Image] in the {longhorn-product-name} UI.
. Click *Create Backing Image* to create a backing image with a unique name and a valid URL.
. Select a backing image from the list. The volume and the backing image must use the same data engine.
. {longhorn-product-name} starts to download the backing image to disks for the replicas when a volume using the backing image is attached to a node.

[discrete]
===== Use an Existing Backing Image During Volume Restoration

. Click `Backup` and pick up a backup volume for the restore.
. As long as the backing image is already set for the backup volume, {longhorn-product-name} will automatically choose the backing image during the restore.

> . {longhorn-product-name} allows you to re-specify/override the backing image during the restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. {longhorn-product-name} allows you to re-specify or override the backing image during the restore.
```
